Update WW guide and schedule for 2021 portland (#1466)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/portland/2021/welcome-wagon.rst

Where to get help
-----------------

Conference Intro and Tour
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Join our our Conference Intro and Tour on Sunday, April 25th at 12:30 pm PST by going to **Sessions** and selecting **Conference Intro and Tour**. Your Welcome Wagon will take you on a tour of the virtual conference platform and show you how to navigate the conference. Learn tips and tricks, meet other attendees, and get to know how the conference works. This session is open to everyone, whether this is your first conference or your fifth.

Guides
~~~~~~

You can prepare for the conference by reading through this guide. Don’t worry if you forget any of it – there will be a recording you can watch in the Helpdesk booth. Select **Expo** > **Write the Docs Helpdesk** to watch it anytime.

> You can also watch the video directly from our `YouTube channel <https://youtu.be/aLtnc0ITzok>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also watch the video directly from our `YouTube channel <https://youtu.be/aLtnc0ITzok>`__.
```

Helpdesk
~~~~~~~~

If you still have questions, reach out the Welcome Wagon staff at the Helpdesk anytime. Select **Expo** > **Helpdesk** > **Chat** and enter your question. A member of the Welcome Wagon will be online during conference hours to help you.

Message organisers
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If you want to contact one of the conference organizers, go to the **People** tab, select the **Filter** icon, and select **Organisers**. Select an Organiser and start typing your question. You can also email us at {{ shortcode }}@writethedocs.org.

Slack
~~~~~

> We'll also be posting important conference updates on the `#wtd-conferences channel in Slack <https://writethedocs.slack.com/archives/C1AKFQATH>`_. For example, if there are technical issues, we'll share the back-up stream link there as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'll also be posting important conference updates on the `#wtd-conferences channel in Slack <https://writethedocs.slack.com/archives/C1AKFQATH>`__. For example, if there are technical issues, we'll share the back-up stream link there as well.
```

Unconference
------------

- The Unconference is a set of informal sessions that take place all day Monday and Tuesday afternoon. `Unconference talks focus on conversations and exchanges of ideas between participants. <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/{{ shortcode }}/{{ year }}/unconference/>`__
- You can attend unconference sessions, or, if you have an idea for a session, you can lead one. Anyone can lead an unconference session, as long as they have a discussion idea and a willingness to encourage attendees to talk about it.
- Learn more about the Unconference by reading the `_Unconference Cheat Sheet <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2021/unconference-cheatsheet/>`__.

Lead an unconference session
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Anyone can lead an unconference session, as long as they have a discussion idea and a willingness to encourage attendees to talk about it.
{% if flaghasschedule %}

> - Look for an empty slot on the `https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1bE3_p0EkfPrcQzfbPj-7B0mGZQwzOo2V10jEqiVQ6hk/edit#gid=0>`__, and add your Unconference topic. There will be a time and a table number for each slot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Look for an empty slot on the `Unconference sign-up <{{unconf.url}}>`__, and add your Unconference topic. There will be a time and a table number for each slot.
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

{% if flaghasschedule %}

> - Starting Monday morning, check the `https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1bE3_p0EkfPrcQzfbPj-7B0mGZQwzOo2V10jEqiVQ6hk/edit#gid=0>`__ to see if there are any sessions you are interested in joining. New ones are added all the time, so check back periodically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Starting Monday morning, check the`Unconference sign-up <{{unconf.url}}>`__ to see if there are any sessions you are interested in joining. New ones are added all the time, so check back periodically.
```

- Other sessions (such as Unconference, Hallway, and Writing Day sessions) are not recorded.

How do I get into the virtual conference?
- Getting into the conference is a two-step process.
- You buy a ticket, and then you get a link to register. During this registration process, you will get a link to get into the conference.

Do I have to be on video during the conference?
- You can choose whether to share your video during the conference, including during Unconference sessions. Select the Video Camera icon to turn on and off your video.
- You can also share your screen during an Unconference. Select the Monitor icon to share your screen. Multiple people can share their screens at once.
- Select the Settings icon to change your audio or video settings.
- To make someone’s screen larger, double-click on it.
 
How do I see what’s happening right now?
- Go to Reception to see the talk schedule.
- Go to the Write the Docs website to view the `_full schedule <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2021/schedule/>`__.

> - View the `_Integrated schedule <https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1bE3_p0EkfPrcQzfbPj-7B0mGZQwzOo2V10jEqiVQ6hk/edit#gid=0>`__ to see what Writing Day and Unconference sessions are happening.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- View the `_Integrated schedule <{{unconf.url}}>`__ to see what Writing Day and Unconference sessions are happening.
```
I think this one should also point to the read only one, as the text refers to "view".
